XFS Kernel History Archive
--------------------------

This repository contains the development history of XFS. It was originally
published by SGI via their oss.sgi.com CVS repositories under the GPLv2. The CVS
repo was then scraped into a git repository before the CVS repositories were
retired. The history stops in 2008 when SGI started maintaining the upstream XFS
code directly in git. SGI continued to publish this tree in a read-only state on
oss.sgi.com right up until that site was decommissioned months after the 2017
acquisition by HPE.

The historic record of XFS has been a useful developer reference for the past 15
years - code spelunking trips are frequently made when trying to understand
where a bug was introduced or why the code did what it did. Much of this
information has never been published anywhere else and the institutional
knowledge behind it was lost long before it was published. As such, most XFS
developers have local, personal copies of the repository they directly query
duringtheir day-to-day work.

However, with the oss.sgi.com repository going off line, there isn't a public
repository we can refer people to, or for other XFS developers (new or old) to
access and query themselves. Hence this repository is being published as a
public service to the XFS developer community.

Keep in mind this is a separate history to the mainline kernel history. While
there is some overlap in contents with the upstream kernel git tree, the XFS
history tree is completely independent and so cannot be merged into a mainline
kernel tree. It stands alone.


Disclaimer
----------

This repository is being republished under the understanding that the original
repository was released by SGI under the GPLv2 license and so I am free to
republish it in this form.  I take no responsibility for, nor claim ownership
over the contents of this repository.
